docs: integrate package documentation (#753)
gardenlinux/gardenlinux: docs/build/README.md

**Table of Content**
- [Introduction](#introduction)
	- [Build via make (recommended)](#build-via-make-recommended)
	- [Build via build.sh](#build-via-buildsh)
	- [Build Artifacts](#build-artifacts)
- [Kernel Module](#kernel-module)
	- [build-kernelmodule container](#build-kernelmodule-container)
- [Package Build](#package-build)
	- [Git Source](#git-source)
	- [Snapshot Source](#snapshot-source)

# Introduction

> Garden Linux makes use of the Github Release feature. Checkout available Releases [here](https://github.com/gardenlinux/gardenlinux/releases).

Author: Agreed - applied feedback

Customization is done via the the Garden Linux Feature System. 
The feature system allows for a deliberate, and granular selection of features to be included in the final Garden Linux Image.

## Build via make (recommended)
Use the [Makefile](/Makefile) to build a Garden Linux Image with a pre-defined set of features. 
```
# Example 
make metal-dev
```
For more targets, checkout the [Makefile](/Makefile). The targets call ` build.sh` with a pre-defined set of features.  

You can also customize a Makefile target to your needs, e.g. by adding a feature.

## Build via build.sh 
If you really want to directly call build.sh, you can checkout [Makefile](/Makefile) for some good examples and start from there.

In general, the `build.sh` starts and prepares the build container, in which `garden-build` and `garden-test` are executed.

## Build Artifacts
Build artifacts are stored in the output folder (default `.build/`).
Some artifacts will only be created by certain features. 

# Kernel Module
Drivers/LKMs not included in upstream linux of kernel.org can be build out of tree.

## build-kernelmodule container 

> We provide build container that come with gardenlinux linux-headers installed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide a build container that come with Garden Linux linux-headers installed. 
```

These build containers have a `uname -r` wrapper installed. 
This wrapper outputs the latest installed kernel header in that container.

Container is created here: https://gitlab.com/gardenlinux/driver/gardenlinux-driver-build-container

```
docker pull registry.gitlab.com/gardenlinux/driver/gardenlinux-driver-build-container/gl-driver-build:dev
```

> 1. Load your kernel module sources into the container

Reviewer: In .md files, for a numbered list, prefix all the bullet points with just `1.` and leave the numbering to the markdown renderer.
